Hello and welcome to this new tutorial.
Now we're about to build the Ireland part of the NTN Arnon model and what we're going to start with
is to introduce all the parameters you know the Brennus that will be required to build the Arnon and
the first one that we're going to introduce right now is the number of mixtures used to you know simple
the probability of the next latent vector conditionally to the current latent vector the actual place
in the current state.
And that number of mixtures is clearly given in the article.
Again in that section of the appendix because indeed in both tasks meaning the car racing task and the
Dume task well the author used five Gaussian mixtures.
And so the parameter we were about to introduce right now is exactly that number of mixtures.
And so the name we're going to give for that parameter and we're actually going to create an object
variable which will be a variable at the end and Arnon instances of this class will be self that numb
mixture and we could initialize it to 5 right now.
But the way we're going to do this is rather through the HPF object parameter that we have as the argument
of the build model method here because indeed it contains all the hyper parameters of the engine are
and model including the number of mixtures and therefore it initialized this this way we're going to
call our H.B. as objects from which we're going to get that number of mixtures which has the same name
not a mixture.
All right perfect.
And then we're also going to create a separate voidable.
But this time not attached to the object and that we're going to call k mix.
So I'm just taking the same variable names as the others implementation because the author's implementation
is larger so if you want to develop this code to use it differently you know to perform some for example
other training.
Well I prefer to keep the same names for the parameters and variables as the author.
So K-Max here and this is going to be as well to that number of mixture self that number of mixtures
so I'm just copying this and pasting that here.
All right.
That was for the first important hyper parameter of the Arnon.
And now we're going to introduce an initialize to other essential parameters of the Arnon which are
of course dimension of the input and the dimension of the output.
So let's first give the names of these parameters.
The damage of the input will be in width and the damage from the output will be out with.
And that's also the number of channels in respectively the input and the output.
And so what are going to be these dimensions.
Well let's have a look at our cheat sheet.
This is our cheat sheet and right now we're building the engine Arnon.
And as we can see the engine arland model here in the full world model actually has a double input it
has a first input coming from the latent vector Z returned by the V and also a second input coming from
the action returned by the controller.
Right.
You can see that the control plays the action inside the environment but not only that it also returns
that same action into the engine.
Arnon and therefore the engine Arnon has a double and put Z in action.
So now the question is what is the dimension of Z and what is the diameter of the action.
Well the dimension of Z we already know that it is Zetsche size because if we go back to our code in
our vitæ we can see that Z here has the same time engine as me and sigma because this is a sum of two
dense layers.
And since both of these dense layers have a number of elements equal to that size and that size is equal
to by default 32 then the diamond of the first input set here will be set size equal to by default 32.
And this is actually confirmed in the article I made this page so that I don't have to scroll up the
dimension of the left and vector is indeed 32 right.
This means exactly that it is a vector of 32 elements.
And now now as we have the time engine of zed What is the dimension of the action.
Well and each time the agents actually ourselves as well because we are going to play the game too we're
going to raise the car well and each time there are three possible actions that can be played which
are first we can accelerate.
Second we can slow down.
And third we can turn no left or right and therefore there are three actions that are played each time.
Or more specifically each time step of the environment and therefore the action here is a three dimensional
input so the total dimension of the input of the MGM Arnon is thirty two plus three equals 35.
And that's the number of channels we're about to introduce for this first input in with.
And so again here we could initialize this as 32 plus 3 or 35.
But again we're not going to do it this way we're going to do it with our HPF hyper parameter object
and therefore we're going to got HP as again here from which we're going to get another attribute which
will be of course attribute for that dimension of the input and which will be named input underscores
CEQ underscore with us.
So again I'm just taking the same parameters names as the other.
All right.
Now let's tackle the diamond in the output outwits.
And so let's go back to our cheat sheet of the full world model.
We can clearly see that this time we have a single output which is the hidden state and the state has
the same dimension as the other and puts the ladies in vector.
And therefore it's going to be as well 32 and therefore again we're not going to initialize this as
32 but by taking our HBL to render object from which we're going to get this time the output SEC with
attributes corresponding Of course to the dimensions of the output.
So here I'm just replacing inputs by output.
Perfect.
And now one last runner that we have to introduce which is the length and which will correspond to the
maximum sequence length of an episode.
In other words maximum steps in an episode.
Remember when we played the car racing game against the powerful AI in the first Toyoda's course.
Well we played on 900 steps.
This was written in the in the council.
And right now what we are about to initialize is just the maximum number of steps which will be initialized
as 1000.
And thats of course for the training.
You know the Arnon model will be trained on some episodes which will have a maximum number of 1000 steps.
And the reason why we have to introduce an initialises parameter right now is because in the same build
model method we will implement the train operations.
All right let's do this length which again we will initialize things to our HP as object parameter.
So I can either take of the HP Yes or just H.B. us like we did just above.
That's the same because in the init method we initialized self that HP as as the argument HP is given
when creating the instance of the engine on.
So that's just the same.
And from this HP is object.
Well we're going to get the following hyper parameter which is the max SEC Len Max ségolène the maximum
number of steps.
All right.
Perfect So we're done with the main parameters that we'll need to build the Arnon.
And now we're just going to introduce one last thing which is the global step writes a global step of
the training operation which is another parameter of the engine aren't immortal.
And so we're going to create a new object variable which will cause well global step as what we did
for the Wii.
But first before we created we're just going to make sure that we are in the training mode and actually
the training mode is once again another hyper parameter of this HBL object.
And so I'm going to call the HP is objeck again from which I'm going to get that.
Is training hyper parameter which will tell us the mode whether we are in training mode or in France
mode.
And so if HB as that is training because it was true which we don't have to specify because true is
the default value of a boolean then what we can do is introduce an initialize the global step object
variable and since it is exactly the same as the one we introduced here for the V.
Right.
Exactly.
If self that is draining logicals true then self Global's that will be created as an object of the variable
class by a sense of flow with the exact same argument.
So I'm just copying this then I'm going to paste that inside our Arnon moral.
And here we go.
Now we can begin the creation of the art and architecture.
So we'll do that in the next tutorials because it's actually going to be a long code section to get
yourself some good energy and I'll see you as soon as you ready.
Until then enjoy artificial intelligence.